you know i mean that's that's a real ego
trip and that's why i like to me when
you get involved with these groups you
know you're seeing people who are on
that ego trip dominating the student
vegan society are dominating the
students animal rights group or you know
what I mean like it's so petty it's so
pathetic to me the side of human nature
I don't want to deal with
I don't know girls who go to college
want guys you know so I just don't ever
think that would happen you know sharing
my own University friends like I just
can't imagine any of them wanting to be
with wait a former I don't even know
what his charges were like he told
something or somebody I can't imagine so
I just it is unfortunately dropped out
of college because like I think he has a
potential two he he talked about it
before but I watched his videos he did
used to do videos that were more
substantial right like not everything he
said was stupid i know and i know i know
this but look so i'm gonna bring this
back to you i'll also say like he's not
really the kind of character he plays
when your channel was brand new you had
like five videos up or something he and
i talked about you i've mentioned that
before and he and I both said like wow
this is such a really positive thing for
beginners on youtube and you know we
were talking about the fact that you
were intelligent you actually had
something to say like you know what i
mean like we're just I'm of the stuff he
never once said like you were hot he
never once said something like the way
he behaves on his channel you think he's
this cave man who has no other interests
we had this discussion about you that
was just a hundred percent like politics
and why you were a positive contrast
other people's channels so just say like
I know who he really is and I know what
else he's capable of and that makes it
even more depressing to see what he
pretends to be or what he's become but
he got sick of it himself right he just
quit doing he just quit doing drama in a
major way so you know I mean that's
funny I mean all those people they've
all disappeared Joe vegan went crazy and
quit vegan cheetah lost his patience and
quit Martin Lewis got his channel
deleted you know we don't know till but
like all the people are playing the
drama game one by one they've actually
dropped off the off the radar so now I
have nobody to gospel my sex life so I
have to do with myself I've gotta cut
they're the pot yourself and don't have
anyone to be your dirty work for you
yeah yeah I'm thinking for us just
getting back to youtube I guess I I have
been lying to put out a video and he has
a sick but I think my video I was like
yeah looks like twice a week and then I
didn't culture two weeks but I think
what i want my next video to be and I'm
just kind of struggling with how to even
frame it I don't know where my own head
of that like I had a series of like
experiences just been dealing with
universities done regarding like the
club the true universi student council
and like the clubs like we've had I'm
going through the details because it's
not relevant but just like with conflict
with one of our members right just
clarify cuz doing says no so did you
have a vegan group or did you have an
animal rights group or what was the
group it was just the focus was it may
give some kind of like activism on
campus they're trying to get things
labeled like small things I just trying
to get vegan options label does weekend
we're going to get more options on
campus I would you fellas greetings but
truthfully the main purpose of the club
is to be social but social club movement
and also to bring in like people are
curious about veganism like it helps
teach people right who are already
interested in veganism but yeah so we
had this conflict with one of our
members in just a whole experience I
guess you know I to branch off into this
local thing like I could branched off
into my youtube video in so many
different directions I could bring it to
like come a commentary on political
correctness um I personally think this
person got too much favoritism because
they have invisible disabilities because
anyone else they would have been kicked
out of the club no problem but yeah I
couldn't actually sir but you just a few
people don't know and I don't know
either but likes to this club it's a
vegan club on a campus like about how
many people in total were there and what
what would a normal meeting be like did
you meet at a restaurant or do you meet
in room like I'm sorry that's boring but
like it because otherwise people can't
really am at
like what you mean by a club yeah yeah
basically the exec team we would meet
once a week Wow okay yeah it's a plan
events and there was about 10 of us this
year this year there was a lot I
actually custom left the club yeah I had
a bad experience boy left but yeah we'd
meet once a week and then we would put
on an event for all general members once
a week I usually it'd be like a
restaurant outing or a potluck or bar
night or film screening etc etc I I do
want to hear with oh I'm sincerely
interested both on a personal level and
on a deacon politics level but I just
remind you anything you say if you want
me to censor it if you want me to not
upload it I can edit things out anything
or I can turn off the recording right
now I mean you know so it's not required
in the first place but I do i do really
want to want to hear what happened so I
you know I add my own negative
experience of that kind to to compare
with you also but no I was okay yeah i
guess like the hole hold then even then
we're gonna I haven't thought about it
like there's just so many layers to this
hold on so basically this guy got cell
rest of the vegan community outside of
yunnan university community because we
have an animal rights groups that's not
affiliated with the university but we
talk right so the two groups we talk so
he we had like people telling us that
we're a bunch of ablest and were like we
had a grown man like 40 years old like
some Neenah stressed via email and
whatnot because we were trying to kick
someone off the exact same utter club
earth like that you know he was just
very not he was very difficult to work
with sober it was just not working he
needed to get he could go to the club
and yeah like the base and everyone was
telling us or a bunch of ablest and so
we get to the University meeting like
what the actual like student council
right and to deal with this conflict
so the member and question is there and
firstly the meeting starts off with I
don't have any speaking rights at this
meeting because my executive position
wasn't elected in i just kind of signed
up whereas the other members they were
voted in so they have speaking right so
i live in even lots of talks which I
thought was unfair and I found that even
my own members they were there were
weren't on our side you know like our
own exact team members they were just
trying not to get in trouble to get into
trouble with bliss a university student
council they weren't necessarily
speaking up with what they knew to eat
right in Newton true in that case so I
found that I was just almost like it was
like a betrayal of like they weren't
interested in helping the club they were
just interested in not creating a
conflict with the university student
council and just just to cover because
in Canadian university sometimes his
money involved was there money involved
in the sense of like was was student
council providing funding for the group
was that part of the dynamic or no um
not really I know I know like the wealth
and similar says the member in question
who was we're trying to go to the club
his mother was very involved in our
group which is very strange he was worth
group and his mom was involved a lot so
she would donate a lot of money to our
club and so I guess that made him feel
like he had a special position in the
club because nothing would donate all
this money but it doesn't I totally I
totally understand the basis for him
getting kicked out of the club was the
fact that he had turned the whole
community out against us and was
straight up lines like slandering our
club and was what they do yes you mrs.
through Facebook in the Sun I assume
it's social media-based slandering it
yeah yeah just straight up like straight
line calling like telling people it was
awful like one of the members involved
like on exec team like they
themselves have a non-visible disability
and this person has been accused of
being in ablest it was so ridiculous
right and yeah so the fact that the USC
was going so easy on the sky anyone else
like he wasn't just landed in our club
he was Lance slandering the university
student council USC right like any other
person just lying about the u.s. seen
but i'm giving him such a bad name like
they would've been kicked out of the
club right but i just in so and so
unfair so not just that I just as I
guess this is what it is I I don't want
to deals it's like I don't there's no
reason for me to need to deal with this
right now oh I quit I just mentioned
like okay I'm now 38 I mean back when I
was at University of Victoria I was 36
and we were talking before like in some
ways I'm a dominant personality and like
I dominate whatever room i'm sitting in
and people pay attention to me and I'm
not bragging like you know that was
talked about this on youtube before like
I've never had an ego trip from that
that doesn't feel good to me but I have
experience doing that in a boardroom in
a business setting where I'm sitting
down talking executives and making a
case I have experienced you that an
academic context where I'm giving an
academic lecture to a group of
professors or PhD students but I also
have experience doing that in Buddhism
in a religious context where its
religious authority religious power
religious ego trip and if there was
anything in me that got like ego
gratification out of you know being the
center of attention believe me I would
have stuck with the Buddhist religious
leader thing because you can you know
what it's like and you know that you
regard like me who talks a good game I
can improvise lectures on the meaning of
life no script you know what I mean you
walk into the room you look at the crowd
you make eye contact with people the
crowd goes silent you know what I mean
you stand up there and say hey here's
the meaning of life and yours what we're
going to accomplish in the next 10 years
in this Buddhist monastery or whatever
you know i mean that's that's a real ego
trip and that's why i like to me when
you get involved with these groups you
know you're seeing people who are on
that he co trip dominating the student
vegan society are dominating the stew
and animal rights group or you know what
I mean like it's so petty it's so
pathetic to me and also for me like that
that kind of that kind of role comes to
me naturally and I don't it's both that
I don't enjoy it and also that I really
believe in democratic process and by
democratic process I don't mean this
kind of [ __ ] you were just
complaining about like oh we have to
take this piece of paper and give it a
student council but just that when you
hold a meeting but I'm not the only one
talking that I'm not implicitly like I'm
not making up your decision for you that
you actually are making decisions in a
way that that reflects many boys in the
room so I just say when I was in
Victoria there was a main vegan group
and they didn't even call themselves
vegan which I didn't like already and
then there was there was an attempt at
having a student group within the campus
and for me it was really funny because
my main thing was look I'm 36 years old
I'm a student but I'm not a normal age
student and I do not want to be the boss
to this group look I don't think it's
portly I can come I can chat with people
like to some extent but where I did not
want to play a controlling role because
I thought that the young people people
who were normal age for university
students they should be the ones you
know has like to summit I could play
somewhere or give some advice to talk to
me but I didn't you know what I mean and
the irony was my nemesis was this other
guy who was exactly the same age as me
he was exactly the same age as me and he
was also divorced so just by coincidence
he was also 36 year old divorced guy and
he was not a student I was legitimately
university student and he was [ __ ]
dominating and controlling the vegan
stupid crew [ __ ] for no reason just
for his own ego or whatever it's like
you say like the moms or something come
in it's like dude you're not even a
student here why are you here get the
[ __ ] out look why are you trying to turn
this into your farm club no I just mean
he was not a creep he was not trying to
get with the the university girls you
that wasn't his motivation at all but I
remember other people wondered if it was
she's like dude like why are you even
here like you know he actually that
actually wasn't his motivation but when
you see these people wear that that ego
motive even when it's just a room of
like six people or eight people that
they want to control that room
the side of human nature I don't want to
deal with yeah funny you should say that
like the sky but you just described as
very similar to the guy like I was
dealing with he was human of his younger
but he was still like older cameras and
he wasn't none of us really understood
if he was a student or not that was
always like it would have been awkward
to be like that even like go to the
school or what right thank you you got
to have yeah so we always just kind of
like I think we did ask once or
something and he gave us really vague
answers over just like okay so yeah just
like why are you even here and why is
your mom so overlay balls and the thing
is he was you know it was one of the
first members of a group right and so he
did houses like the group with the club
was his project he found I think and
like he just couldn't move on right and
can't have ultimate control over
everything so which is like one of the
reasons why we wanted to like get him
off the exact same he's impossible to
work with but yeah it was definitely ego
driven it was so abundantly clear it was
just like dude like you know you're
almost 30 like you don't even going to
this school what are you doing here you
know so I just saying I respect
democracy democracy is based on the idea
that everyone there is equal but there
also are inequalities like if you're the
guy who does all the photocopying if you
do all the long hours of hard work I do
think your voice counts for more because
you've committed the time it was the
usual usual situation where Jordan and
his girlfriend put a ton of time in to
you know making events happen so I
really did respect that like I really
felt like his voice counted more than
mine but at that time already I was a
little bit famous on vegan YouTube you
know micro Fame and there were students
who were like excited to meet me like
vegans you know they were vegans or they
were vegetarians who cared about ecology
or whatever we're like oh yeah he's that
guy they know from YouTube you know like
they were they were just meet me and the
reality was even when so Jordan the kids
adult group his crooked ultra if you
group that wasn't on the campus the way
he chaired a meeting was just that he
would sit down and dictate but he would
just sit there he's not even aware of it
he would dictate from top to bottom what
the group was doing and it was so
[ __ ] pointless it's just a waste of
my time to be there and like so again
even stuff like to me is not about ego
like okay how much time do you want to
spend as a vegan on deer deer culling
and on horse-drawn carriages for me the
answer is zero but there are a million
eight like [ __ ] you I have 500 youtube
videos there are so many issues in
veganism I'm passionate about and those
two are not on the list I do not want to
[ __ ] and these guys were doing
illegal [ __ ] I do not want to go to jail
for destroying a deer trap you know what
the traps you know the traps that will
be used to like trapped adhere and then
relocate them to the forest or whatever
because it's like a silly was a
government owned property because you're
so [ __ ] pissed off about government
beer policy like oh my god but like you
you if you went to a meeting that was
not debated it was not debatable there
was no openness to just asking people
like hey what are our priorities what do
you what do we want to work on in the
next six months of the next year there
was absolutely no openness which is
either you sit down and you one hundred
percent submit and conform to this guy
who's the self-appointed dictator of the
group or you get the [ __ ] out and start
your own vegan grip and that's it like
[Music]
there's a lot of baking groups are like
that it's depressing yeah yeah I'm very
very aggressive I think I'm someone I
think I mentioned him to you before
there's like a video clip where you're
talking about I mean I don't even run
live footage from the Toronto March and
I said hey I know that guy you where I
live and I think yeah and he's kind of
like the present person outside of our
student group like any other group that
everyone kind of looks up to right and
he was actually one of the people
coincidentally who sent a threatening
emails and he's the one who's leading
the local animal rights group and he
sends a threatening email to 20
something year old who were just running
a student group hey and so that's a
level of aggression but I have here in
my own no but what do you you know what
do you try to win um you know like I
really think with Jordan he was always
totally comfortable relaxed talking to
me one-on-one he like I don't think he
had any problem we thought what I want
but when we were in that group setting
60 play people I think he was really
deeply threatened by the fact that I was
just the kind of charismatic self
confident person or a different approach
to these things and like you know I know
I know most left-wing people will laugh
if you talk about like corporate
governance or like a responsible
corporation but one of the main things
you learn in a business setting is the
type of democracy you have to have in a
room with six or eight people who are
not all equal like somebody is the owner
of the company and somebody's the you
know people in ring but nevertheless you
have to have a meeting where the people
at a lower rank really have the
opportunity to report what was
successful it wasn't says like even if
it's one hundred percent corporate like
learning to manage the personalities in
a corporate meeting and again you're not
all equal ultimately somebody is the
owner and somebody's the employee but
we're like you can have a meeting we say
hey guys okay so looking back at the
last last three months what was really
successful what was a failure like what
do you guys have to report well you're
not steamrolling them you're not
fortunate to say everything was great
when it wasn't and then we say okay what
are we going to do different in the next
three months that's really the kind of
skill you need for a small vegan group
even though again like Jordan even
though my experience them is really
negative um I recognize just because he
does the photocopying and he puts in the
hours I feel like like he is my boss
like I feel like he does have a superior
role to me because he and his girlfriend
put in all these hours I don't want to
put in I would did you ever see I was a
student I was a full-time university
student I didn't have that much done I
was really busy I was busy with you to
purchase it yeah office but you know not
you know if you got the time
put that in I can recognize your spirit
of me but I've still got to have that
process when you call it democratic or
not where I can say look this is not
working for me I feel this is a waste of
time whereas i feel this other thing is
a really good use of time and that kind
of feedback so yeah law and the internet
makes it worse because so many people
are just used to screaming at each other
on Facebook and they're not used to
holding a meeting and drawing out you
know really really enabling people even
if they are in a subordinate position to
voice their concerns and have a
conversation about how to improve
operations you know